the Train loans Bosma they're connected
everything's changed
tumor obviously it's cheap Stan leg I
mean you don't want hang without some
teamwork I don't care if an office
manager or sealed huge the big thing
they say in the seal shoot through the
communicate you know reading of those
things well as a team you're getting
more successful everybody knows how to
shoot counter know your basics you know
how to move effectively and you can
communicate as a team you get me
unstoppable you need to be able to wrap
quick to situation move shoot
effectively whether to move an in do
situation or moving out of one where
every day guys do an everyday job it's
the helo pilots it's the Intel folks to
help us find the targets it's a much
bigger team in just the seals very
average Jews and it's just super
dedicated and willing sacrifice don't
get paid much and it shot out a little
hottie no danger a lot there's something
kind of keeps us together and drives us
to continue this line would we don't
think of anything more special name
buddy else you know those professionals
all in the world doing their thing this
is just our thing
you